About Us:

Welcome to "One Way Drop Taxi Services", where convenience meets reliability. We specialize in one-way drop taxi services, offering a seamless and comfortable travel experience for our customers. Whether you're headed to the airport, a business meeting, or a weekend getaway, our efficient, affordable, and safe rides are designed to make your journey hassle-free.

At "One Way Drop Taxi Services", we prioritize customer satisfaction. Our fleet of well-maintained vehicles and professional drivers ensure you arrive at your destination on time and in style. With no need to worry about round-trip planning or complicated pricing structures, we provide a straightforward, one-way service that lets you focus on what matters most—getting to your destination smoothly.

We believe that travel should be stress-free. That’s why we offer easy booking options, transparent pricing, and a commitment to providing excellent service, every time. Whether you're traveling for business or pleasure, let us take you where you need to go!

FAQs:

Can i cancel my booking?
Yes. You can cancel your booking. However, if you cancel the booking after the driver has already reached your destination an amount of Rs.300 needs to be paid to him.

Can i modify my journey?
Yes. Before 8 hours of the journey. You can modify the date, time, destination, and type of vehicle. However, within 8 hours of the journey, modification cannot be done

Do you assure me of te type of taxi i had booked? 
Yes. However in some rare cases, we are not able to provide you the exact type of vehicle, we shall offer you a similar type of alternate vehicle. For example, if you have booked an Innova. If it is not available we may offer you Xylo.

What are the waiting charges?
For Round Trip, there are no waiting charges. For drop trips waiting charges will be Rs.100 for one hour. We all know and agree, Long distance travel generally needs a refreshment break and a couple of small breaks, especially when we travel with kids. These breaks are acceptable. Waiting charges apply only when the break is beyond such acceptable limits. Remember, time is money for the Taxi operator too. Here are the detailed charges and rates

What happens if the taxi breaks down midway?
As a policy, we contract only Taxis which are in very good running condition. Minor repairs like tyre deflation etc can be rectified in minutes. In case of a major breakdown, we shall arrange an alternate taxi. We endeavor to ensure you reach your destination with minimal loss of time and comfort.

What about the rude behaviour of Taxi drivers?
We contract well-behaved drivers only. We instruct and train them on the importance of polite and respectful behavior towards customers. In case you find some of them are rude and impolite please do not hesitate to call us at 7999222000. We shall initiate suitable action and keep you informed.

What if i miss my flight or train at the destination city?
With ever-growing traffic in all cities, it is prudent on the part of the customer to plan such trips well in advance. You will agree these factors are beyond our control. "One Way Drop Taxi Services" is not liable for any compensation whatsoever in such instances.

How do i pay for my taxi ride?
As an aggregator we are not supposed to collect full amount from customer so payment need to be paid to driver via cash or online transaction based on drivers availability.

What is the difference between drop trip and round trip?
Drop trip – Picks from one location and drop at another location. Round trip / Package trip – Pick up and drop point should be same if incase differs balance Km and other charges to be barred by customer.

What happens if driver charged me extra?
As a policy we contract good and educated drivers only for travel unless otherwise in rare cases if such things happened please write to us at admin@onewaydroptaxiservices.com claiming your refund for amount charged extra and after evaluating both customer and driver side if we find fault is on driver we will initiate refund process on behalf of driver and try to give back your money at the earliest. This can be done only if customer initiates the problem with support team and before 48 hrs of your journey completion.

What if my assigned driver didn't respond till before one hour of my journey?
As a rule to our drivers we have instructed them to call customers for confirmation and to get pickup location. If our drivers didn’t respond please let us know, so that our support team will organize a new driver as soon as possible for your journey.

What happens if my luggage's are heavy for my journey, any charges specified?
Yes. We are providing passenger vehicle only for travel and this is not a luggage carrier vehicle and we have limitation for luggage’s in Kilogram basis. For charges and capacity to carry you can check in this page Luggage Policy . We know this is a outstation trip and there will be some luggage’s but that is limited for passenger vehicle travel.

Can we change the drop trip to round trip?
Yes. You can convert a drop trip to round trip only based on Driver’s availability. But for round trip it cannot be changed to drop trip as these drivers only take round trips and still you prefer to change to drop trip you are supposed to pay for return empty kms for the origin place.

Luggage Policy:
We understand luggage's are not only suitcases. They are of different shapes and sizes.
Table below is only indicative. Excess luggage charges, if any, will be at the discretion of driver.
Kindly note, taxis are passenger vehicles only.

You can call our Call Centre (95147 95157) or write to us at admin@onewaydroptaxiservices.com for any dispute resolution.

Sedan Taxis
3-4 persons.
3-4 suitcases or bags.

MUV Taxis
6-7 persons.
6-7 suitcases or bags.

Cancellation Policy:
Your trips booked through "One Way Drop Taxi Services" can be cancelled. You may cancel your booking 24 hours before your scheduled journey.

There are no cancellation fees except in such cases where the Taxi has already arrived at the customers location. In such cases, Rs.300 as a One-time cancellation fee has to be paid to driver.

Aside from the cancellation of your booking, you can also modify your planned time, type of vehicle, and destination. However, the journey can't be adjusted within 8 hours of your booking.

You can request amendments to a booking made earlier only if the request is made 8 hours before the pick-up time. There are no changes that will be made within 8 hours of the time of pick-up time. In cases where amendments requested on cab type, the cab type requested is subject to availability. If a customer is a no-show where the customer has not informed "One Way Drop Taxi Services" of the changes on his schedule 8 hours before the pick-up, no refunds will happen. The amendments can be done by contacting the support team of "One Way Drop Taxi Services" on 95147 95157 and mention the mobile number for references.

Refund Policy:
This Refund policy applicable only for Drivers who makes payments with us.
Complaints like Mistakenly transferred, 2 times debited from your account etc should be addressed within 10 working days.

Refunds (If Applicable)

Once we get a proper Supporting document for your complaints the amount will be refunded to your bank account within 7 working days.

Refunds (Not Applicable)

You may not able to claim refund for your payment which has been done before 30days.

Contact us

You may reach us at Email:admin@onewaydroptaxiservices.com or Mobile:9514795157

Tariff:
Same as droptaxi.in






